when we first purchased our RV this is
what the multimedia kind of
configuration for the RV looked like
basically two TVs and they had just a
run-of-the-mill surround sound DVD
speaker system inside of it and to get
TV of course we weren't going to buy
cable you can just use over-the-air TV
and there was an antenna in the RV and
it has the antenna routed to all the TVs
so the first thing we had to do was
really we needed to get Internet and
since we're an RV since we're mobile we
decided to go with clear Wireless so
what you're seeing here is a clear
wireless modem and we also decided to
use an airport Xtreme wireless base
station now I'll tell you I looked at a
Linksys I lived in a d-link I looked at
a couple the others and I tried him with
the clear modem and honestly they would
do just fine
for about an hour and then they'd drop a
connection and I'd have bad internet
about 10 minutes and then they would
start up again so to be very honest the
only reliable 802 11 n router I
personally could find was an airport
Xtreme and I don't know why people use
those others unless they experience
outages and don't know don't care but my
wife and I are very discriminating
and so the airport extreme was the only
router that would work reliably and we
don't feel like we're Apple bigots or
fanboys whatever going to call them but
that's what we used now we have Wireless
we were able to hook up the kids
Nokes and iPods and our Mac books and/or
Windows laptops and we have a lot of
wireless devices
we also needed to print so we were able
to buy a printer and bought an Epson
printer love that Epson printer it's a
scanner and so it scans onto a SD card
and then that SD card is shared and so
we can do quite a lot with it it's a
wonderful little printer and I've had it
for a couple years it's a work for 600 I
don't think you can get it anymore but
you can get new versions like a 635 and
then we decided to do something a little
bit different and this is probably the
most innovative thing in this
presentation is we purchased the Mac
Mini because we have a wireless network
and we thought we need to get one more
computer like a server for the house and
the interesting part is where we placed
it we placed it in the TV cabinet so
that's why on this diagram I've located
next to our large TV with the surround
sound and it turns out you can just hook
an HDMI cable from the Mac Mini to the
TV and then you could connect the audio
from your Mac Mini to the audio on your
stereo so now I have a surround sound
stereo and I have HDMI going from my Mac
Mini to the TV so I have a really great
display for that and I can put DVDs in
the Mac Mini I can stream movies over
the internet there's a lot you can do
with it and and honestly if it's going
to be a server I went ahead and hooked
up Western Digital USB Drive to the Mac
Mini and using Apple's built-in comes
with the operating system it's not an
extra 20 bucks like everything is
Windows know there's so much comes with
the apples for free that they really
have a tremendous software value I just
hope the USB drive up and Apple's Time
Machine backup just takes care of
everything
and our photos are our iTunes all
alright we got you know hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of CDs that we've
and back up to the Mac Mini I could go
on with all the different things the
documents we scan they're all available
there and then of course once you have a
device and entertainment cabinet a TV
you really need to talk to it so we
purchased a bluetooth mouse Bluetooth
keyboard and Mac Mini of course has
bluetooth just built in and so that's
how we control the unit and I guess to a
degree we always are looking for the the
keyboard in the mouse that's spread
around the room just like you would any
remote so that's how we deal with the
entertainment cabinet then the next most
interesting thing we did is we took the
over-the-air TV antenna from RV and we
fed it directly into this little box
called a homerun HD tuner which has two
tuners in it and then we sent that into
the Apple Airport extreme and then over
on the Mac Mini
we're running a personal video recorder
program from El Gato
that with this home run can record two
channels simultaneously and I didn't
show this on the diagram but we also
have a USB TV tuner stick in the Mac
Mini so we can record three channels at
a time simultaneously
that's really cool there's all really
not a lot of TV to watch but when a good
show comes on invariably there's a good
show on the other channel I don't know
why that happens but it just is the way
it works out and of course all our TV
shows that go on the Mac Mini we
actually store them on the Western
Digital USB Drive so that we have plenty
a drive space for it and then finally
once you have a Wi-Fi network and you
got the iTunes library on the Mac Mini
and you're able to record TV shows from
Elgato and it automatically imports them
into iTunes why not get an Apple TV so
we spent the 99 bucks for the TV in our
bedroom it connects with one cable to
the TV in the bedroom
HDMI cable and lo and behold we can
watch pretty much whatever we want we
can get amazing content from the
Internet and that's just a dynamite
combination just to cap it all off these
are the kind of things you know with a
good Wi-Fi now we're like like we have
that you get shared or the over the
network you know we got the printer and
a scanner you got all the recorded TV
shows all your iTunes libraries you can
get the Apple there's all sorts of
little apps that are on the Apple TV I
mean you can't add apps but they come
with it anything that would scan three
channels HD TV that you can record all
the computers interconnect and really
anything on the internet you have access
to as well Apple TV I don't think can do
that but everything else can get really
good access to the Internet so this is
our overall setup and maybe this will
help you figure out what you can do it
wasn't too expensive guess one of my
biggest comments here is I love the
airport extreme it's very reliable and
the clear Wireless we've had it for
almost two years now and that is really
just a stellar product the homerun HD
box we have just been thrilled with the
multi-channel HD TV recording and the
Bluetooth keyboards are just a wonderful
product and the Epson so these are all
products we've been really happy with
anyway that's our setup thank you